Elderberry & Peanut Butter Sandwiches

well, sandwiches are always what you are able to make of them. ingredients are simple — you never need more than three things. what makes a good peanut butter sandwich? a nostalgic midwest shout out. i never really enjoy them before this year.

ingredients:
milk toast [2 slices]
elderberry jam [a spoonful]
peanut butter [a spoonful]
lettuce [three vibrant green slices]
cheese [any slice or shredding you prefer]
chicken [well, any savory thing you
might have in the fridge, really]

at 2 am toast milk bread until you can scrape the edge of the knife so it can sing first you ready your knife dip into peanut butter whip in the jar until it is in love

[papi once said love to him was imagining, the whole day, about a sandwich. something you had all the components to at home. exhausted, you welcome yourself through the threshold, comfortable, warm, & quietly assemble your distant mirage, a slow barely touched upon miracle. as you sit down, right before you take a bite, someone in the house comes wandering into the kitchen & asks for a bite. love is handing it over, heart & stomach full at them taking the first taste. a new dream cemented, savored & spun.]

elderberry is a smoother jam — for the softest part of your heart, use a 1:1 ratio. creating a full pool of jam is easy ecstacy — push the knife up & down against the fruit.

spread slowly savoring the material like lava or metal or another viscous here nor there thing it exists in form as a putty like slime like smile honeyed with nothing but fruit sticky all the same i toast lightly i push & pull & fold the toast to & from under light just to admire the shine next the slices of chicken for contrast in texture & cheese topped with lettuce just for the final barrier to be a watery fresh crunch a cucumber on the side perfect as well.

a sandwich is any folded dough with something
between so when i miss someone or something i
take a spoonfull of peanut butter and a spoonfull
of raspberry preserves and i whisk them together
until all homogenous the milk bao i roll into a long
rope split cradle the sticky ladle it carefully to twist
turn & fold into a perfect
bow type of thing like something
i would pin to a daughter or
myself, but only in the back
mirror, reflection
obscured.

i want a sandwich that tells me you love me you
love me you love me ? me, you love me ? i love you
i make the dough the crust the peanut butter the
jam i pick grow the lettuce kiss birth the chicken
pull cry the cheese i melt cradle the heart display
it on the toast & sing a song that puts every radio
in the vicinity to shame.

— years ago mami toasts wheat on a dark looming january morning she craters the bread softly heats nutella & meanders down the acres of dough when i come down for breakfast it is already wrapped in foil she asks me if i want peanutbutter or jam i say no to both jelly is only something i favor when i have jubna kasaat peanut butter only with honey banana mami tells me one day, somebody will change my mind

thank you,
i love you.
