TEMPORADA DE TORMENTAS

you know, i always imagined falling in love in the kroger’s right down my street. i mean, right down the street right next to my street. i mean, i think i fell in love for the first time in the kroger’s right down my street. i mean, right down the street right next to my street. i mean, i fell in love for the first time in the kroger’s right down my street. i mean, right down the street right next to my street. i had a whole daydream. i would kiss someone for the first time in my childhood bedroom. my old, worn mattress would encase us both, pillowed in home. truly, i wish i could go home. i think all the time about the lines time could have taken to let me live out a singular daydream. all of them are so precious to me. too precious to me. i want to confess my soul. i want to cradle it in honey & leave it out under a hot sun. watch the bees descend. a force so far outside of the body that i am halted in any attempt to breathe. think. dream. i wanted someone to be braver than me & still coax me out to climb on the window outside of my room. to have lay on the roof and dream about the sun. the unholy scorch. the dense wood lay right under our feet. of course, i’ve developed a fear for the dark. i want to sip it slow, smooth yearning ironed into my tongue. do you ever think about the way stress compounds into dna? like, mama mourned us all into drought. no, no. nothing started with her. running is integral to survival. how to unlearn movement? how to build pain into the network of your body? how to misfire & mishear & turn the clouds into cameras. they are watching, you know. nothing you say is in a vacuum. i think only god knows all i think but i know that is not true. maybe it would have been easier to be alone before there was choice. now i am always self eulogizing. i am sorry you had to hear of my death this way. the truth is, nothing got to me. i am simply exhausted of it all. the knowledge that i am too lazy for. i don’t want to know anymore. how to pray over a body. how to wash a body. how to turn the body into a funeral site. how to push it until it breaks. how to push the mind until it is cemented, forever, in abyss. i thought i would be prayed over in my childhood masjid. still loved. woodland phlox petaling my airway. i wish there had only ever been an abundance of time. only mothers bring good weather. it’s been chipping away at me slowly ever since my first arrival.
